docs: Reorganize user guide (#2050)
webrecorder/browsertrix: docs/user-guide/workflow-setup.md

## Scheduling

> Automatically start crawls at a specific date or periodically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatically start crawls periodically on a daily, weekly, or monthly schedule.
```
At this point we only do periodically, not specifically on one date.
